README.md, before:

# Art by Arsh

## Table of Content 

1. Description
2. UX
3. Wireframe
4. Visual Identity
5. Site Overview
6. User Stories
7. Testing 
8. Deployment
9. Code Validation
10. Technologies
11. Media
12. Acknowledgement and Thanks 

## Description
- This website is constructed to display the artists' crafted landscape artwork in a compelling, yet simple and intriguing way. In the digital age, a website can be seen as a diverse storefront to which the traditional brick and mortar can not compare. As technology is granting simple access for companies to reach new clientele in distant places, the purpose for the creation of this website is to broaden the artists' clientele and create a platform to ensure a quicker buying process and enable a fellow artist to contact the client for any queries such as collaborations. 

## UX

## Wireframe

##  Visual Identity

## Site Overview

##  User Stories
### **User:**
- As a user, I would like know business owners persoanlity and specialities in the world of Art. 
- As a user, I would like to see the work done so far by the Artists involved in this business. 
- As a user, I would like to know the location and time, I can attend to view the paintings in person. 
- As a user, I would like an understanding on what materials could be used in Art Process.
- As a user, I would like to collaborate on a Art Work with the owner or Artist's involved in this business.
- As a user, I would like to know what custom peices are available to purchase. 

### Actions taken to accomplish these goals are:
- 

### **Artist:**
- As an Artist, I would like would like the user to get to know me and to know what king od paintings my interests lie towards. 
- As an Artist, I would like the user to get to view the Art work I have done so far.
- As an Artist, I would like the user to make a visit to view the paintings at the time and location set.  
- As an Artist, I would like to give an insight into my painting process by detailing the equipment I use. 
- As an Artist, I would like to collaborate with fellow Artists on Art peices therefore would like the users to get in touch if interested. 
- As an Artist, I would also like the expand my business by introducing users to my custom made peices that are available for purchase. 

### Actions taken to accomplish these goals are:


##  Testing

## Deployment

## Code Validation

## Technologies

## Media

## Acknowledgement and Thanks

Commit message:

updated css file to make design suitable for smaller devices.

README.md, after:

# Art by Arsh

## Table of Content 

1. Description
2. UX
3. Wireframe
4. Visual Identity
5. Site Overview
6. User Stories
7. Testing 
8. Deployment
9. Code Validation
10. Technologies
11. Media
12. Acknowledgement and Thanks 

## Description 
- This website is constructed to display the artists' crafted landscape artwork in a compelling, yet simple and intriguing way. In the digital age, a website can be seen as a diverse storefront to which the traditional brick and mortar can not compare. As technology is granting simple access for companies to reach new clientele in distant places, the purpose for the creation of this website is to broaden the artists' clientele and create a platform to ensure a quicker buying process and enable a fellow artist to contact the client for any queries such as collaborations. 

## UX
- This website is to showcase an artist's work and to build a network amongst fellow artists to collaborate. Client's main object is simplicity, therefore, there have been various elements included; such as navigation bar to navigate the user to the right place and paintings to show the work done by the artist so far. I have also included content for the users to gain information about the artist and footer containing social media links to gain further knowledge about the artist's work. 
### ***Home Page:***
- The home page design is very simple keeping the artist's painting photo to the left of the screen whilst moving the information about the artist to the right of the screen. Navigation bar at the top has been kept the same through out all the pages. Footer at the bootm of the page has been kept the same to keep consistency. 
### 
## Wireframe

##  Visual Identity

## Site Overview

##  User Stories
### **User:**
- As a user, I would like know business owners persoanlity and specialities in the world of Art. 
- As a user, I would like to see the work done so far by the Artists involved in this business. 
- As a user, I would like an understanding on what materials could be used in Art Process.
- As a user, I would like to collaborate on a Art Work with the owner or Artist's involved in this business.
- As a user, I would like to know what custom peices are available to purchase. 

### Actions taken to accomplish these goals are:
- 

### **Artist:**
- As an Artist, I would like would like the user to get to know me and to know what king od paintings my interests lie towards. 
- As an Artist, I would like the user to make a visit to view the paintings at the time and location set.  
- As an Artist, I would like to give an insight into my painting process by detailing the equipment I use. 
- As an Artist, I would like to collaborate with fellow Artists on Art peices therefore would like the users to get in touch if interested. 
- As an Artist, I would also like the expand my business by introducing users to my custom made peices that are available for purchase. 

### Actions taken to accomplish these goals are:



##  Testing

## Deployment

## Code Validation

## Technologies

## Media

## Acknowledgement and Thanks
